Overview Privacy Policy Terms of Service Technologies FAQ Privacy & Terms Overview Privacy Policy Terms of Service Updates Definitions List of services & service-specific additional terms How Google handles government requests for user information Updates Definitions List of services & service-specific additional terms How Google handles government requests for user information Technologies FAQ Privacy & Terms Overview Privacy Policy Terms of Service Technologies FAQ Google Account Terms Introduction Your relationship with Google Using Google services Content in Google services Software in Google services In case of problems or disagreements About these terms Introduction Your relationship with Google Using Google services Content in Google services Software in Google services In case of problems or disagreements About these terms Updates Definitions List of services & service-specific additional terms How Google handles government requests for user information Google Terms of Service Effective May 22, 2024 | Archived versions | Download PDF Country version: United States What’s covered in these terms We know it’s tempting to skip these Terms of Service, but it’s important to establish what you can expect from us as you use Google services , and what we expect from you. These Terms of Service reflect the way Google’s business works , the laws that apply to our company, and certain things we’ve always believed to be true . As a result, these Terms of Service help define Google’s relationship with you as you interact with our services. For example, these terms include the following topic headings: What you can expect from us , which describes how we provide and develop our services What we expect from you , which establishes certain rules for using our services Content in Google services , which describes the intellectual property rights to the content you find in our services — whether that content belongs to you, Google, or others In case of problems or disagreements , which describes other legal rights you have, and what to expect in case someone violates these terms Understanding these terms is important because, by accessing or using our services (whether you’re signed in to a Google account or not), you’re agreeing to these terms. Besides these terms, we also publish a Privacy Policy . We encourage you to read it to better understand how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information . Terms Service provider Google services are provided by, and you’re contracting with: Google LLC organized under the laws of the State of Delaware, USA, and operating under the laws of the USA 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, California 94043 USA Age requirements If you’re under the age required to manage your own Google Account , you must have your parent or legal guardian’s permission to use a Google Account. Please have your parent or legal guardian read these terms with you. If you’re a parent or legal guardian, and you allow your child to use the services , then these terms apply to you and you’re responsible for your child’s activity on the services. Some Google services have additional age requirements as described in their service-specific additional terms and policies . Contents Your relationship with Google These terms help define the relationship between you and Google. When we speak of “Google,” “we,” “us,” and “our,” we mean Google LLC and its affiliates . Broadly speaking, we give you permission to access and use our services if you agree to follow these terms, which reflect how Google’s business works and how we earn money . What you can expect from us Provide a broad range of useful services apps and sites (like Search and Maps) platforms (like Google Shopping) integrated services (like Maps embedded in other companies’ apps or sites) devices (like Google Nest and Pixel) Many of these services also include content that you can stream or interact with. Our services are designed to work together, making it easier for you to move from one activity to the next. For example, if your Calendar event includes an address, you can click on that address and Maps can show you how to get there. Develop, improve, and update Google services We’re constantly developing new technologies and features to improve our services. For example, we use artificial intelligence and machine learning to provide you with simultaneous translations, and to better detect and block spam and malware. As part of this continual improvement, we sometimes add or remove features and functionalities, increase or decrease limits to our services, and start offering new services or stop offering old ones. When a service requires or includes downloadable or preloaded software, that software sometimes updates automatically on your device once a new version or feature is available. Some services let you adjust your automatic update settings. If we make material changes that negatively impact your use of our services or if we stop offering a service, we’ll provide you with reasonable advance notice, except in urgent situations such as preventing abuse, responding to legal requirements, or addressing security and operability issues. We’ll also provide you with an opportunity to export your content from your Google Account using Google Takeout, subject to applicable law and policies. What we expect from you Follow these terms and service-specific additional terms these terms service-specific additional terms , which could, for example, include things like additional age requirements You also agree that our Privacy Policy applies to your use of our services. We also provide resources like the Copyright Help Center , Safety Center , Transparency Center , and descriptions of our technologies from our policies site to answer common questions and to set expectations about using our services. Finally, we may provide specific instructions and warnings within our services – such as dialog boxes that alert you to important information. Although we give you permission to use our services, we retain any intellectual property rights we have in the services. Respect others comply with applicable laws, including export control, sanctions, and human trafficking laws respect the rights of others, including privacy and intellectual property rights don’t abuse or harm others or yourself (or threaten or encourage such abuse or harm) — for example, by misleading, defrauding, illegally impersonating, defaming, bullying, harassing, or stalking others Our service-specific additional terms and policies , such as our Generative AI Prohibited Use Policy , provide additional details about appropriate conduct that everyone using those services must follow. If you find that others aren’t following these rules, many of our services allow you to report abuse . If we act on a report of abuse, we also provide the process described in the Taking action in case of problems section. Don’t abuse our services Most people who access or use our services understand the general rules that keep the internet safe and open. Unfortunately, a small number of people don’t respect those rules, so we’re describing them here to protect our services and users from abuse. In that spirit: introducing malware spamming, hacking, or bypassing our systems or protective measures jailbreaking, adversarial prompting, or prompt injection, except as part of our safety and bug testing programs accessing or using our services or content in fraudulent or deceptive ways, such as: phishing creating fake accounts or content, including fake reviews misleading others into thinking that generative AI content was created by a human providing services that appear to originate from you (or someone else) when they actually originate from us providing services that appear to originate from us when they do not using our services (including the content they provide) to violate anyone’s legal rights, such as intellectual property or privacy rights reverse engineering our services or underlying technology, such as our machine learning models, to extract trade secrets or other proprietary information, except as allowed by applicable law using automated means to access content from any of our services in violation of the machine-readable instructions on our web pages (for example, robots.txt files that disallow crawling, training, or other activities) using AI-generated content from our services to develop machine learning models or related AI technology hiding or misrepresenting who you are in order to violate these terms providing services that encourage others to violate these terms Permission to use your content Some of our services are designed to let you upload, submit, store, send, receive, or share your content . You have no obligation to provide any content to our services and you’re free to choose the content that you want to provide. If you choose to upload or share content, please make sure you have the necessary rights to do so and that the content is lawful. License Your content remains yours, which means that you retain any intellectual property rights that you have in your content. For example, you have intellectual property rights in the creative content you make, such as reviews you write. Or you may have the right to share someone else’s creative content if they’ve given you their permission. We need your permission if your intellectual property rights restrict our use of your content. You provide Google with that permission through this license. What’s covered This license covers your content if that content is protected by intellectual property rights. What’s not covered This license doesn’t affect your privacy rights — it’s only about your intellectual property rights This license doesn’t cover these types of content: publicly-available factual information that you provide, such as corrections to the address of a local business. That information doesn’t require a license because it’s considered common knowledge that everyone’s free to use. feedback that you offer, such as suggestions to improve our services. Feedback is covered in the Service-related communications section below. publicly-available factual information that you provide, such as corrections to the address of a local business. That information doesn’t require a license because it’s considered common knowledge that everyone’s free to use. feedback that you offer, such as suggestions to improve our services. Feedback is covered in the Service-related communications section below. Scope worldwide, which means it’s valid anywhere in the world non-exclusive, which means you can license your content to others royalty-free, which means there are no monetary fees for this license Rights This license allows Google to: host, reproduce, distribute, communicate, and use your content — for example, to save your content on our systems and make it accessible from anywhere you go publish, publicly perform, or publicly display your content, if you’ve made it visible to others modify and create derivative works based on your content, such as reformatting or translating it sublicense these rights to: other users to allow the services to work as designed, such as enabling you to share photos with people you choose our contractors who’ve signed agreements with us that are consistent with these terms, only for the limited purposes described in the Purpose section below other users to allow the services to work as designed, such as enabling you to share photos with people you choose our contractors who’ve signed agreements with us that are consistent with these terms, only for the limited purposes described in the Purpose section below Purpose This license is for the limited purpose of: operating and improving the services , which means allowing the services to work as designed and creating new features and functionalities. This includes using automated systems and algorithms to analyze your content: for spam, malware, and illegal content to recognize patterns in data, such as determining when to suggest a new album in Google Photos to keep related photos together to customize our services for you, such as providing recommendations and personalized search results, content, and ads (which you can change or turn off in Ads Settings ) This analysis occurs as the content is sent, received, and when it is stored. for spam, malware, and illegal content to recognize patterns in data, such as determining when to suggest a new album in Google Photos to keep related photos together to customize our services for you, such as providing recommendations and personalized search results, content, and ads (which you can change or turn off in Ads Settings ) using content you’ve shared publicly to promote the services . For example, to promote a Google app, we might quote a review you wrote. Or to promote Google Play, we might show a screenshot of the app you offer in the Play Store. developing new technologies and services for Google consistent with these terms Duration This license lasts for as long as your content is protected by intellectual property rights. If you remove from our services any content that’s covered by this license, then our systems will stop making that content publicly available in a reasonable amount of time. There are two exceptions: If you already shared your content with others before removing it. For example, if you shared a photo with a friend who then made a copy of it, or shared it again, then that photo may continue to appear in your friend’s Google Account even after you remove it from your Google Account. If you make your content available through other companies’ services, it’s possible that search engines, including Google Search, will continue to find and display your content as part of their search results. Using Google services Your Google Account If you meet these age requirements you can create a Google Account for your convenience. Some services require that you have a Google Account in order to work — for example, to use Gmail, you need a Google Account so that you have a place to send and receive your email. You’re responsible for what you do with your Google Account, including taking reasonable steps to keep your Google Account secure, and we encourage you to regularly use the Security Checkup . Using Google services on behalf of an organization or business an authorized representative of that organization must agree to these terms your organization’s administrator may assign a Google Account to you. That administrator might require you to follow additional rules and may be able to access or disable your Google Account. Service-related communications To provide you with our services, we sometimes send you service announcements and other information. To learn more about how we communicate with you, see Google’s Privacy Policy . If you choose to give us feedback, such as suggestions to improve our services, we may act on your feedback 
... (document truncated)