Abuse Program Policies & Enforcement Report Abuse If you believe that someone is violating the policies found below, report abuse . Reports don’t guarantee removal of the file or any other action on Google’s part. Content that you disagree with or deem inappropriate isn't always a violation of Google’s Terms of Service or program policies. After you submit the report, Google may contact you to learn more about the report’s content. To report copyright infringement or other legal issues, please use this tool , which will guide you through the process of reporting content that you believe warrants removal from Google's services based on applicable laws. Program Policies Do not access another user’s account without their permission. We may take appropriate action if we are notified of account hijacking, which may include removing access to some of our products or disabling your Google Account. Last updated: January 2020 Use the product to remain active. Activity includes accessing the product’s content or storing new content on the product at least once every 2 years. We may take action on inactive accounts, which may include deleting your content from the product. Learn more here . Last updated: October 2022 Do not create, upload, or distribute content that exploits or abuses children. This includes all child sexual abuse materials. To report content on a Google product that may exploit a child, click “ Report abuse .” If you find content elsewhere on the internet, please contact the appropriate agency in your country directly . More broadly, Google prohibits the use of our products to endanger children. This includes but is not limited to predatory behavior towards children such as: ‘Child grooming’ (for example, befriending a child online to facilitate, either online or offline, sexual contact and/or exchanging sexual imagery with that child); ‘Sextortion’ (for example, threatening or blackmailing a child by using real or alleged access to a child’s intimate images) Sexualization of a minor (for example, imagery that depicts, encourages or promotes the sexual abuse of children or the portrayal of children in a manner that could result in the sexual exploitation of children); and Trafficking of a child (for example, advertising or solicitation of a child for commercial sexual exploitation). We will remove such content and take appropriate action, which may include reporting to the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children, limiting access to product features, and disabling accounts. If you believe a child is in danger of or has been subject to abuse, exploitation, or trafficking, contact the police immediately. If you have already made a report to the police and still need help, you can report the behavior to Google . Learn more about Google's efforts to combat child sexual abuse . Last updated: May 2025 Do not engage in actions intended to bypass our policies, subvert restrictions placed on your account, or distribute content removed in other Google products . This includes but is not limited to: Creating or using multiple accounts or other methods intended to engage in a behavior that was previously prohibited. Publicly sharing apps suspended by Google Play Developer Policies . Publicly sharing videos that do not comply with the YouTube Community Guidelines . We may take appropriate action if we are notified of circumvention, which may include restricting the sharing of files, removing access to some of our products or disabling your Google Account. Last updated: March 2021 Do not use this product to engage in illegal activities or to promote activities, goods, services, or information that cause serious and immediate harm to people or animals. While we permit general information for educational, documentary, scientific, or artistic purposes about this content, we draw the line when the content directly facilitates harm or encourages illegal activity. We will take appropriate action if we are notified of unlawful activities, which may include reporting you to the relevant authorities, removing access to some of our products, or disabling your Google Account. Last updated: October 2022 Do not deceive, mislead, or confuse users for financial gain or personal harm. These harms include providing instructions on, recruiting for, or facilitating scams and fraud. Deceptive content includes, but isn’t limited to, fake reviews, “get rich quick” schemes, advance fee, romance, sweepstakes, and investment scams. Last updated: August 2023 Do not harass, bully, or threaten others. We also don’t allow this product to be used to engage or incite others in these activities. This includes singling someone out for malicious abuse, threatening someone with serious harm, sexualizing someone in an unwanted way, exposing private information of someone else that could be used to carry out threats, disparaging or belittling targets of violence or tragedy, inciting others to carry out these activities, or harassing someone in other ways. Keep in mind that online harassment is illegal in many places and can have serious offline consequences for both the harasser and the target. We may take appropriate action if we are notified of threats of harm or other dangerous situations, which may include reporting you to the relevant authorities, removing access to some of our products, or disabling your Google Account. Last updated: August 2022 Do not engage in hate speech. Hate speech is content that promotes or condones violence against or has the primary purpose of inciting hatred against an individual or group on the basis of their race or ethnic origin, religion, disability, age, nationality, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, or any other characteristic that is associated with systemic discrimination or marginalization. Last updated: August 2022 Do not impersonate a person or organization or misrepresent yourself. This includes impersonating any person or organizations yo u don’t represent; or providing misleading information about a use r/site’s identity, qualifications, ownership, purpose, products, services, or business. This also includes content or accounts misrepresenting or concealing their ownership or primary purpose such as misrepresenting or intentionally concealing your country of origin or other material details about yourself when directing content about politics, social issues, or matters of public concern to users in a country other than your own. We do allow parody, satire, and the use of pseudonyms or pen names -- just avoid content that is likely to mislead your audience about your true identity. Last updated: August 2022 Do not transmit malware or any content that harms or interferes with the operation of the networks, servers, end user devices, or other infrastructure. This includes the direct hosting, embedding, or transmission of malware, viruses, destructive code, or other harmful or unwanted software or similar content. This also includes content that transmits viruses, causes pop-ups, attempts to install software without the user’s consent, or otherwise impacts users with malicious code. See our Safe Browsing Policies for more information . Last updated: October 2019 Do not distribute content that deceives, misleads, or confuses users. This includes: Misleading content related to civic and democratic processes: content that is demonstrably false and could significantly undermine participation or trust in civic or democratic processes. This includes information about public voting procedures, political candidate eligibility based on age / birthplace, election results, or census participation that contradicts official government records. It also includes incorrect claims that a political figure or government official has died, been involved in an accident, or is suffering from a sudden serious illness. Misleading content related to harmful conspiracy theories: content that promotes or lends credibility to beliefs that individuals or groups are systematically committing acts that cause widespread harm. This content is contradicted by substantial evidence and has resulted in or incites violence. Misleading content related to harmful health practices: misleading health or medical content that promotes or encourages others to engage in practices that may lead to serious physical or emotional harm to individuals, or serious public health harm. Manipulated media: media that has been technically manipulated or doctored in a way that misleads users and may pose a serious risk of egregious harm. Last updated: September 2021 Do not store or distribute private nude, sexually explicit, or intimate images or videos without the subject’s consent. If someone has sent a private nude, sexually explicit, or intimate image or video of you, please report it to us here . Last updated: October 2023 Do not distribute personal or confidential information without authorization. Do not collect personal or confidential information. Examples of personal and confidential information include US Social Security numbers, bank account numbers, credit card numbers, images of signatures, and personal health documents. In most cases where this information is broadly available elsewhere on the internet or in public records, like national ID numbers listed on a government website, we generally don’t process enforcement actions. We may place additional restrictions on information relating to minors. Last updated: August 2024 Do not use this product for phishing. This includes soliciting or collecting sensitive data such as passwords, financial details, and social security numbers. Last updated: October 2019 Do not sell, advertise, or facilitate the sale of regulated goods and services. Regulated goods and services include alcohol, gambling, pharmaceuticals, unapproved supplements, tobacco, fireworks, weapons, or health/medical devices. Last updated: October 2019 Do not distribute content that contains sexually explicit material, such as nudity, graphic sex acts, and pornographic material. This includes driving traffic to commercial pornography sites. We allow nudity for educational, documentary, scientific, or artistic purposes. Last updated: January 2021 Do not spam. This may include unwanted promotional or commercial content, unwanted content that is created by an automated program, unwanted repetitive content, nonsensical content, or anything that appears to be a mass solicitation. Last updated: October 2019 Do not abuse this product and do not harm, degrade, or negatively affect the operation of networks, devices, or other infrastructure of Google or others. This includes degrading, disabling, or negatively interfering with any aspect of the product or its services. We may take appropriate action if we are notified of system interference and abuse, which may include removing access to some of our products or disabling your Google Account. Last updated: January 2020 Do not store or distribute images of minors without explicit consent from the child's parent, guardian, or legal representative. If someone has stored or distributed an image of a minor without necessary consent, please report it to us here . Last updated: October 2019 Do not store or distribute violent or gory content involving real-life people or animals that’s primarily intended to be shocking, sensational, or gratuitous. This includes ultra-graphic violence, such as dismemberment or close-up footage of mutilated corpses. Graphic material, such as content containing significant amounts of blood, may be allowed in an educational, documentary, scientific, or artistic context, but please be mindful to provide enough information to help people understand the context. In some cases, content may be so violent or shocking that no amount of context will allow that content to remain on our platforms. Lastly, don't encourage others to commit specific acts of violence. Last updated: October 2019 Known violent non-state organizations and movements are not permitted to use this product for any purpose. Do not distribute content that facilitates or promotes the activities of these groups, such as recruiting, coordinating online or offline activities, sharing manuals or other materials that could facilitate harm, promoting ideologies of violent non-state organizations, promoting terrorist acts, inciting violence, or celebrating attacks by violent non-state organizations. Depending upon the content, we may also take action against the user. Content related to violent non-state organizations may be allowed in an educational, documentary, scientific, or artistic context, but please be mindful to provide enough information to help people understand the context. Last updated: September 2021 Additional Policies Policies for the template gallery to reproduce the Gallery Submission; to create and reproduce derivative works of the Gallery Submission; to display publicly and distribute copies of the Gallery Submission; to display publicly and distribute copies of derivative works of the Gallery Submission. You agree that your license to Google end users will be perpetual. Furthermore, for the avoidance of doubt, Google reserves, and you grant Google, the right to syndicate the Gallery Submission submitted by you through Google Docs and use that Gallery Submission in connection with any of the Services offered by Google. You retain the right to stop distributing the Gallery Submission through the Google Docs Content Galleries at any time; provided, however that any such election will not serve to withdraw the licenses granted to Google end users under these Terms of Service. In order to stop distributing the Gallery Submission through the Google Docs Content Galleries, you must utilize the removal functions provided within the Service, in which case the Gallery Submission removal will be effective within a reasonable amount of time. You represent and warrant that (a) you own or have obtained the necessary legal rights to provide all Gallery Submissions you submit through Google Docs, and will maintain these rights for as long as the Gallery Submission is available to Google end users; and (b) all of the Gallery Submissions you submit through Google Docs abide by the posted Program Policies. Google claims no ownership over any Gallery Submission you submit through Google Docs. You retain copyright and any other rights, including all intellectual property rights, you already hold in the Gallery Submission. You agree that you are responsible for protecting and enforcing those rights and that Google has no obligation to do so on your behalf. You agree that you are solely responsible for (and that Google has no responsibility to you or to any third party for) any Gallery Submission that you submit. Google is not in any way responsible for the subsequent use or misuse by Google end users who access your Gallery Submission. Google reserves the right to remove any or all Gallery Submissio
... (document truncated)